[Security] Improve error handling in OIDC access token handlers (#50695)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Security/Http/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

6.4
---

>  * [BC BREAK] Removed `InvalidSignatureException` and `MissingClaimException` classes from the `AccessToken\Oidc\Exception` namespace

Reviewer: I like this PR to cleanup a bit. But having a BC break in 6.4 sounds to be not our plan of having BC breaks only in Major versions. And then I tought about the change ... why is it a BC break? Two `@experimental` Classes are deleted or the Output changes? I guess removing experimental classes in not a bc break by our definition (and as you already said, the Exceptions have been thrown and directly catched, so they never ver available out of the changed code).

Author: Changing the public API in a backward incompatible way is a BC break. The fact it is part of an experimental feature only means BC breaks are tolerated as long as we are confident it is improving the feature. See https://symfony.com/doc/current/contributing/code/experimental.html :)

Reviewer: Thanks for clearification ;)

>  * [BC BREAK] Removed `InvalidSignatureException` and `MissingClaimException` classes from the `AccessToken\Oidc\Exception` namespace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * [BC BREAK] Remove experimental `InvalidSignatureException` and `MissingClaimException` classes from the `AccessToken\Oidc\Exception` namespace
```

 * `UserValueResolver` no longer implements `ArgumentValueResolverInterface`
 * Deprecate calling the constructor of `DefaultLoginRateLimiter` with an empty secret

>  * [BC BREAK] Remove experimental `InvalidSignatureException` and `MissingClaimException` classes from the `AccessToken\Oidc\Exception` namespace

Reviewer 3: This BC break is not worth it IMO. you could deprecate this 2 exceptions instead and remove them in 7.0
